docs: update note on agent auth joining (#63643)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/deployment/networking.mdx

expose ports directly.

<Admonition type="important">

> Direct auth joining is only supported for ssh, kube and windows agents. Application, database, and other discovery-based features are not supported when joining auth directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Direct Auth Service joining is only supported for Teleport Agents running the Teleport SSH Service, Kubernetes Service, and Windows Desktop Service. Using Auth Service joining to enroll applications, databases, and for other discovery-based features, is not supported.
```
Added a suggestion to use our standard component naming conventions along with correct English articles.

> Direct auth joining is only supported for ssh, kube and windows agents. Application, database, and other discovery-based features are not supported when joining auth directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Direct Auth Service joining is only supported for Teleport Agents running the Teleport SSH Service, Kubernetes Service, and Windows Desktop Service. Using Auth Service joining to enroll applications, databases, and for other discovery-based features, is not supported.
```
Added a suggestion to use our standard component naming conventions along with correct English articles.
